8: adjust description of `git submodule update` (#21)
MikeMcQuaid/GitInPractice: 08-VendoringDependenciesAsSubmodules.adoc

In this chapter you will learn how to maintain dependencies on other Git-based software projects within your own using Git submodules.

> * When are submodules useful

Reviewer: Please leave this as-is, thanks!

```suggestion
* When submodules are useful
```

Author: OK. I put in in question form like the following bullets, but I'll revert that.

* "Submodule directory (3)" shows the new directory named `submodule` that was created to store the contents of the new submodule repository. Note that you'd normally not call this `submodule` but we're just using this name for these examples.

You have successfully added the `GitInPracticeReduxSubmodule` submodule to the `GitInPracticeRedux` repository.

> The `GitInPracticeRedux` repository might now be referred to as the "superproject", i.e. a Git repository containing a submodule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will now refer to the `GitInPracticeRedux` as the "superproject" i.e. the Git repository containing the submodule.
```

Author: maybe "We will now refer to `GitInPracticeRedux` as" (without "the") ?

Reviewer: Good call, adjusted my suggestion accordingly

### Update and initialize all submodules: git submodule update --init
We have initialized a submodule (copied the submodule names and URLs  `.gitmodules` to `.git/config`) when we ran `git submodule add` earlier. But initialization won't be done automatically for anyone else with a clone of this repository: they must run `git submodule init`.

Let's simulate this situation by making a new clone of the `GitInPracticeRedux` repository.

1.  Change to the parent directory of the directory containing your repository; on my machine, `cd /Users/mike/GitInPracticeRedux/..`.
2.  Run `git clone GitInPracticeRedux GitInPracticeReduxClone`.

#### Problem

> You wish to initialize all submodules in your repository and populate their working tree according to the submodule commit recorded in the superproject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You wish to initialize all submodules in your repository and populate their working tree according to the submodule commit recorded in the `GitInPracticeRedux` superproject.
```

Author: Good idea.

* "Submodule checkout (3)" shows the submodule contents being checked out into the `submodule` directory for the currently stored revision.

#### Discussion

`git submodule update` can take some parameters to customize its behavior:

* The `--recursive` flag, which will run `git submodule update --init` inside each of the submodules directories too. This is useful when there are nested submodules inside submodules.

> * The `--force` (or `-f`) flag can be passed to update the submodules to the commit recorded in the superproject by running the equivalent of `git checkout --force`--to discard any uncommitted changes made to the submodule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `--force` (or `-f`) flag can be passed to update the submodules to the commit recorded in the superproject by running the equivalent of `git checkout --force` --to discard any uncommitted changes made to the submodule.
```

* The `--depth` is passed to the `git clone` of the submodule to allow creating a shallow clone with only the requested number of revisions within it. This can be used to shrink the size of the submodule on disk.

`git clone` can also take a `--recurse-submodules` (or `--recursive`) flag to automatically run `git submodule update --init` on any submodules within the repository. Typically if you're cloning a repository you know contains submodules, then you'll use `git clone --recursive-submodules` to clone it and all the necessary submodules (and the submodules of the submodules, if they exist).

> Sometimes, you may want to update the submodule to the latest upstream revision to incorporate any changes that were made in the upstream, submodule repository. 
> In that case, `git submodule update` has other useful parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you wish to update the submodule to the latest upstream revision to incorporate any changes that were made in the upstream, submodule repository you can use the following `git submodule update` parameters:
```

Author: OK.

> * The `--remote` flag would fetch and checkout the latest upstream revision in the local submodule repository. This would then require another commit and push to update this on the `GitInPracticeRedux` remote repository. This should only be done after testing that the changes made to the `GitInPracticeReduxSubmodule` repository remain compatible with the `GitInPracticeRedux` project.
> * The `--no-fetch` flag will attempt to update the submodule without running `git fetch`. This will only update the submodule to a later revision if this has already been fetched. This is useful if you want to fetch the changes to a submodule now and then update and test this update at a later point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `--remote` flag will fetch and checkout the latest upstream revision in the local submodule repository. This would then require another commit and push to update this on the `GitInPracticeRedux` remote repository.
* The `--no-fetch` flag will attempt to update the submodule without running `git fetch`. This will only update the submodule to a later revision if this has already been fetched. This is useful if you want to fetch the changes to a submodule now and then update and test this update at a later point.
```

Author: About the deletion of "This should only be done after testing..": 
I actually copied that from https://github.com/MikeMcQuaid/GitInPractice/pull/21/files#diff-331074c6cb7d301355846137de0cff49L289 (just to make sure you noticed; it's not a new sentence I wrote). I thought it made sense to warn readers that submodules updates should be tested before commiting it, to make sure i.e. the API did not change, etc., that's why I copied it here.

Author: Also, while I'm re-reading it now it think this addition could also make sense:
```suggestion
* The `--remote` flag would fetch and checkout the latest upstream revision in the local submodule repository. This would then require another commit to update this on the local `GitInPracticeRedux` repository, and a push to update this on the `GitInPracticeRedux` remote repository. This should only be done after testing that the changes made to the `GitInPracticeReduxSubmodule` repository remain compatible with the `GitInPracticeRedux` project.
* The `--no-fetch` flag will attempt to update the submodule without running `git fetch`. This will only update the submodule to a later revision if this has already been fetched. This is useful if you want to fetch the changes to a submodule now and then update and test this update at a later point.
```

Reviewer: Whoops, re-added. Good idea, I've adjusted my suggestion based on yours.
